range
charging type: 
swapping challenges: usage patterns vary basd on driving habits which affects quality of battery. needs controlled environment..
DC chrgers: highway. cant dc charge every day..

at home charging..
charge at malls..
regular charging at home..public charging for public vehicles..
bus makes a very good case for battery swapping.
routes are fixed. driver behaviour can be controlled.. also ola  uber.. preferable for low cost vehicle..


range anxiety.. after 60KM.. 80% top of your mind.. last 5km panic mode..
find one station when battery at 70.
Mahindra Reva. 98% slow charging 
fleet vehicle. fast charging.. 
lithium banglore.. fleet of EV.
on road.. 
10K privately owned. 4W.
fleet vehicles.. scoo
auto 5lac.
2W. 60km. home charged.. suitale 15 amp.
100kw. 
dc chargers absolute neccessity for highways. fast chargers..
hotels slow chargers,,,
within city in malls. slow chargers..



One of the key hurdles towards mass adoption of EV in India is consumer confidence and sentiment towards it. It stems from the fear among EV users of the precious time lost while re-charging EV batteries or running out of fuel before reaching their destination. In most path-breaking technologies and solutions, infrastructure always precedes innovation. The usage and penetration of internet, 4G telecom towers enabled data proliferation in India. Similar is the case for EVs for which a robust infrastructure is needed for its mass adoption. It is imperative to provide choices to the consumers in terms of charging or battery swapping, which will drive the future.

For the city of Delhi, develop a model/software for mapping out charging points and battery swapping stations for Electric Vehicles (two-wheelers, three-wheelers, 4-wheelers) depending on factors such as traffic, most used routes, time taken, route-wise peak times and range anxiety, vehicle charging patterns, malls, parking areas and conventional fuel stations. The model/solution should also specify details on the type of hardware to be installed at the charging/swapping stations, ways for inter-operable charging standards, monetization business models, and the ability to quickly and inexpensively replicate such a model for other major cities in India.


Our solution would help those who are willing to offer charging service. Based on the location at which they want to offer. Lets take 3/4 sample inputs (Location in latitude longitude) 
The solution will output
	1. Number of charging points which can be used simultaneously.
	2. Type of charger required (AC/ DC, Fast/Slow, Standard)

Data inputs required:
	1. location details from google places (proximity to mall/corporate park/residential/public transport facility such as airport)
	2. Traffic volume data timewise - typewise
	3. LABLES for Number of charging points and type of charger required.
	4. How many cars would require charging at a given spot at a given point in time.
	
Mahindra Reva App:
e20Remote.	
	distance to empty: 
	map: location to reach safely.
	charging stations: fast charging not there in India.
	check range: revive. almost 0. reserve charge 6 km.
	monthly report. the car charges. 
120km per charge
134 downhill
eating houses 0 to full charge 4 hrs. for 1 hr. halfway through.
in mumbai no access to charging points.
vacation mode
each night synch with mahindra servers.
airbags 80km topspeed.
40/45 km/hr.
per charge: 70 rs.
charging station every 3km.
due to government policy: individually we cant sell electricity.
Tesla: solar: charging stations. DC charging stations.



	